prepare docs publishing for legacy java docs (#1)
mongodb/docs-java-other: README.md

 1. landing - the front page of all the java docs
 2. reference - the reference site for the current version of the driver

## Build Instructions

> After making required changes, run the `publish-docs` script with the version:

Reviewer: Nit: Simplify tense
Nit: Clarify "the version"

```suggestion
After you make changes, run the `publish-docs` script and specify a version of the driver:
```

```sh

> ./publish-docs version

Reviewer: Nit: If this is a placeholder value, could it use the angle bracket placeholder convention?

```suggestion
./publish-docs <driver version you need to publish>
```

```

> This will initiate a submodule (if necessary) that tracks the *gh-pages* branch
> of the [mongo-java-driver](https://github.com/mongodb/mongo-java-driver). It will
> then build the documents, copy items over as necessary, and push them.

Reviewer: Nit: Future tense
Nit: [Submodule docs](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-submodule#_commands) seems to prefer "add" to "initiate" but, I could be wrong about this (unfamiliar with feature)
Question/Nit: I think the add command is executed every run of the script, so I think the "if necessary" can be removed?
Nit: Could the type of the `mongo-java-driver` link be specified?
Suggestion: I think these steps could be more clearly communicated as an ordered list

```suggestion
This script performs the following actions in the order in which they are listed:

1. Adds a submodule that that tracks the *gh-pages* branch
   of the [mongo-java-driver](https://github.com/mongodb/mongo-java-driver) repository. 
2. Builds the `hugo` documentation site
3. Pushes the built documentation site to the `gh-pages` branch of the `mongo-java-driver` repository
```
